Adding the possibility to push pixel events for the image show/click (#28)
vtex-apps/store-image: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]

> - Add posibility to push a custom pixel event on click or view

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Added
- Possibility to push a custom pixel event on click or view

```
